
TOS
By using HostGo products and services, you agree and will comply to all of our policies. We have the right to cancel, suspend, or terminate any service or product provided with or without a refund or notice or warning for any reason. We also reserve the right to change any Modify our Terms of Service at any time without client notification. It is up to the client to periodically check with the recent Terms of Service. If any client does not comply with the new Terms of Service modifications, his or her service will be terminated.

"Client", "Users", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We" and "Us", refers to our Company HostGo.


Payment, Refunds, and Cancellations
It is the buyer's responsibility to pay before the payment is due, failure to do that will result in the service suspension, and then termination. If the buyer wants his service unsuspended because the buyer failed to pay in time, there will be late fees added to their invoice. We have the right to suspend or terminate at any time after your service is overdue, if your server gets terminated we are not obligated to retrive your data.

If the buyer forgets to disable his subscription, HostGo will not refund him under any means; it is not our responsibility that the buyer did not turn off their subscription even after the cancellation.

The Client is responsible for cancelling any recurring payment subscriptions for Our Services that they have set up with the PayPal or other payment providers upon service termination.

Disputes
Any payment chargeback or charges will result in the termination of your service with us. Any legal threats will also result in the immediate termination of your services(s) with us.

Support
All of our support is unmanaged. We only provide you with the essentials needed to get full access to your service. We provide basic knowledge of hosting and we may be able to assist you in questions you may have. We will however provide support for any issues regarding hardware, control panels. Also, we will not provide support of any kind to servers containing cracked plugins or illegal files.

Forbidden Activity
We do no tolerate Denial of Service attacks, Port scanning, Botnets, TOR exit nodes, Proxies, Open DNS resolver, illegal downloads, Virtual currency mining, Crawlers, IP spoofing, Phishing, Ram Hacks, Stresser Website and Adult materials.

Important Note:
All files on users services are users responsibility. HostGo holds no responsibility for what our client's upload. We do not allow any forms of copyright violation and will result in immediate suspension.
Please report forbidden activities and DMCA Copyright infringement to hostgo.main@gmail.com




The Terms of Services can be modified at any time without notice.

Privacy Policy
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site. This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with them after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:

Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won't affect the user's experience .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.

Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.

According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:

On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By logging in to your account
By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.

Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking

We collect your email address in order to:


Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at


Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
hostgo.main@gmail.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
hostgo.main@gmail.com


